_This is bold text_
** Prerequisites **
GitHub will display your profile README on your profile page if all of the following are true.

You've created a repository with a name that matches your GitHub username.
The repository is public.
The repository contains a file named README.md in its root.
The README.md file contains any content.
Note: If you created a public repository with the same name as your username before July 2020, GitHub won't automatically show the repository's README on your profile. You can manually share the repository's README to your profile by going to the repository on GitHub.com and clicking Share to profile.

Button to share README to profile

Adding a profile README
In the upper-right corner of any page, use the  drop-down menu, and select New repository.
Drop-down with option to create a new repository

Under "Repository name", type a repository name that matches your GitHub username. For example, if your username is "octocat", the repository name must be "octocat".
Repository name field which matches username

Optionally, add a description of your repository. For example, "My personal repository."
Field for entering a repository description

Select Public.
Radio button to select visibility with public selected

Select Initialize this repository with a README.
Initialize this repository with a README checkbox

Click Create repository.
Button to create repository

Above the right sidebar, click Edit README.
Button to edit README file

The generated README file is pre-populated with a template to give you some inspiration for your profile README.
README file with pre-populated template

For a summary of all the available emojis and their codes, see "Emoji cheat sheet."

Removing a profile README
The profile README is removed from your GitHub profile if any of the following apply:

The README file is empty or doesn't exist.
The repository is private.
The repository name no longer matches your username.
The method you choose depends upon your needs, but if you're unsure, we recommend making your repository private. For steps on how to make your repository private, see "Changing a repository's visibility."
